Come have fun and eat a fruit
A Huc, when do you say we get married?
Mr. Wook, is he serious?
YES.
I also talked about this with my grandfather in the afternoon.
But does Uncle Truong know?
He is ethical and rational.
I think I understand things very well.
Sister Hien, Uncle Truong, he will like to cook.
Will take care of people
My nanny can do it.
All sides
Mr. Wook, is he serious?
Talk about this later.
I go to the toilet first.
You guys talk first.
Sister Huyen, you see, brother Huc also does not admit it.
You just open your mouth and close your mouth and call it Truong family.
sister down
If a man always calls a woman sister
In his heart.
You can only be a sister.
I advise you.
Don't waste your energy.
I don't need you to care about me.
I was near the water tower for a month.
Who will come last is not yet certain.
YES.
I will not argue with a little friend.
Who are you talking about?
My friend, Uncle Truong asked me to be his daughter-in-law.
So does your brother Huc agree?